6.8.1:Add release notes (#4013)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.8/release-notes.md

---

## 6.8.1 release notes

**September 13, 2022** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.8.1, is now available for download.

> Sensu Go 6.8.1 includes fixes for OIDC refresh tokens, check subdues, and a change how entity information is listed in the Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu Go 6.8.1 includes web UI fixes for OIDC refresh token expiry and information displayed on the Entities page, as well as a change in how check subdue begin and end times are evaluated.
```

Read the [upgrade guide][1] to upgrade Sensu to version 6.8.1.

**FIXES:**

> - ([Commercial feature][295]) In the web UI when OIDC refresh tokens were expiring the signin dialog loads instead of a 404.
> - ([Commercial feature][295]) A fix to web UI to avoid listing redacted information in the entity list.
> - Check subdues are now evaulated on a half open interval such that there should be no unintended gaps between subdues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ([Commercial feature][295]) In the web UI, OIDC refresh token requests now properly invoke the sign-in dialog instead of causing an `HTTP 404 Not Found` error.
- ([Commercial feature][295]) In the web UI, the entity list no longer displays the values of redacted labels.
- Check subdues are now evaluated as half-open intervals so that they are inclusive of the begin time and +1-second exclusive of the end time. Previously, subdue periods were evaluated as closed intervals and were exclusive of the begin and end times. This change prevents unintended gaps between subdues.
```
